hey everybody this is randy santel
atlas' with atlas & zeus promotions and
foodchallenges.com I am down in
Ridgeland Mississippi at Berger and
blues taking on their whammyburger
challenge now I've been nervous for the
past two days there's a 30-minute time
limit if you can finish the three pounds
of meat all these vegetables the pound
of fries in the 16-ounce shake in under
30 minutes you get it free and a t-shirt
and you'll get on the wall of fame but
if you beat the record you'll get the
jackpot the record by my friend
Stephanie is 15 minutes 25 seconds if I
beat that the jackpot right now is
$1,500 let's get win number 183
you
let's get another round of applause
you're gonna count half a side together
down by
[Music]
[Applause]
four and a half minutes in all the meats
on let's get these veggies
[Applause]
[Music]
he's got 25 seconds left
[Applause]
hey everybody want to thank you guys
that was a big big win just defeated the
Lambie burger challenge my official time
was 15 minutes and 16 seconds but now
I'm with the general manager Pierre but
he's gonna get in my prize he's
surprised he wanted a free t-shirt be on
21 and 1,500 I checked and I got the
meal free and he got the meal free
[Music]
[Applause]